there is not one particular situation that I can think of where I be wood,
I mean absolute happiness in the service. I think one of the things
you need to consider is simply look at what you're doing and try
and enjoy what you're doing right now. Right at this moment, don't
look too far in the future. Anticipate the future. But don't don't
look so far ahead that you're missing what you're doing right now, because
you'll do a lot of incredible things. You'll do a lot of things
that will frustrate you, too, but there's no really one way that
will determine your happiness in the service other than just have a
positive attitude about what you're doing.